##UX and Workflow
1. Write a brief and complete user narrative for you're favorite user interaction with any web application or mobile app.
	* I need an app that lets me look up actors. With just a search, I want to be able to see everything an actor has worked in.
2. Describe in your own words what it means to build an application 'outside-in'.
	* To build something 'outside-in' is to start with the part of the code the user interacts with, primarily HTML/EJS. Make things work on the client side before adding a server component. *Note: This probably shouldn't include CSS unless the CSS is essential to the functionality.*
3. Name three of your favorite and most effective debugging techniques.
	1. console.log all the things
	2. debugger
	3. commenting lines in/out


##PROJECT 1 Review
1. Write a brief step by step of what workflow process you ended up doing for Project 1. For example, maybe you wrote user narratives first, then drew a schema drawing, and then started templating. Feel free to reference your Project 1 code and materials and break up your answer by day.
	* **Part 1 - Paper:** I started with my user narrative, helping me focus my project. I made a list of all my required models and how I wanted them to interact with each other. I drew wireframes for my initial page-layout ideas.
	* **Part 2 - Client Side:** I did a basic layout of my main page (my dashboard) and created a form that would successfully add a new item to my list using only jQuery. I made sure the information was displayed proerly in functional modals.
	* **Part 3 - Server Side:** I converted my form posts to Server Side JS.
	* **Part 4 - Users:** I had to create an ability to log in and out in order to move on to part 5.
	* **Part 5 - Nesting:** I had to populate the page with nested model data, attaching new items to the user that created them.
	8 **Part 6 - CSS:** I added extra CSS to change the all white/bootstrap page.
2. Write what workflow do you wish you had done and what will your workflow look like in future projects?
	* Overall, I thought my workflow was a good order. I can't say what I'd change until I'm faced with my next project.
3. Recall a problem you had or are having with your project 1 and write a sample stackoverflow.com question. Remember to include: What you're trying to accomplish, What you've tried already, What error you are receiving or problem you are having, Relevant, brief code samples.
	* I'm trying to set up a form with a drop down menu, but the drop down menu needs to be populated with information generated by the user. I've managed to post my form with the data of the selected dropdown item, but now I need that data to not be static. I've tried:
	```js
	For (i=0;i<array.length;i++){
		$('#dropdown').append(array[i].name);
	}
	```
	and my dropdown is still completely empty. But I'm not getting any error messages, so that's probably an okay sign?


##Resourcefulness
1. Although you might know nothing about Python, imagine you've been asked by your employer or client to find the best Django module for doing authentication. (Django is like Rails but built in python). Pick the Django module you'd use and list the pros and cons of why to use or not use it and why you think it is the best.
	* I would use [django.contrib.auth](https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.8/ref/contrib/auth/) in this situation. The module already has build in functions for authenticating user information, so we wouldn't have to build them ourselves, which is always nice. It also has built in features for Admins if that becomes a requirement.